[Music]
And now for the Audrey Family.
Grown-ups ought to go back now and then to a time when the world was younger.
The first person to meet on a trip back to the youth will always be a typical
scene-age for a like Henry Audrey.
The scene opens in the Audrey Front Hall. It's just before noon.
Homer, why Henry?
Oh, has that just said anything to you about coming up to visit her at Lake Witsham
I guess it's just what they're mind.
Yeah.
I guess it's the same thing with Agnes.
Agnes is bound to inviting us to a later road, don't you think?
Sure, Homer, sure.
I mean, you consider what we've been to each other.
If it hadn't been for me, what would she have done with her money all year?
[Laughter]
Except a matter of time, Homer.
Sure.
- Have we been an Agnes?
They're leaving tomorrow morning.
- They know him, they know.
- Homer, suppose they find two other guys up at the lake
that are more interesting than we are.
- You think that's possible, Henry?
(loud roaring)
- More incredible things have happened, Homer.
- Henry, we just gotta get ourselves invited up there
for a couple of weeks to protect our image.
- Maybe we ought to go over right now and drop a few hints.
You know, gradually.
- I already did that.
Just last night I happened to make an alias how terrible I'd feel not to you all summer.
And you know what she said. She said I made her feel wonderful.
What? So I'd miss her like that.
Oh. She said the thought of my being miserable would keep her happy all summer long.
I guess she didn't catch on. I guess learn.
Henny, there's just one thing to do.
What's the? Ask the girls right out if they wouldn't like to invite us up for a couple of weeks.
Ask them right to their face.
Sure.
And have them think we're anxious?
But we are.
Well, sure we are, Homer, but see, whiz.
Don't you think we ought to at least warm them up first?
See, whiz, we've been warming them up all the way to our own.
Homer, you're right.
Hand me the phone.
Here.
Elm, three, four, four.
Listen, hey, we'll pass in this one.
Don't lie to die, ruse.
Don't lie to ruse.
Lie to die, lie to die.
Ask her right out. Don't worry, Homer. I'll put my cards right on the table.
Hello.
Hello, Kathleen. This is Henry.
Oh, you know.
Hello.
Kathleen, do you mind if I ask you a direct question?
A direct question.
That's the way, hey.
My goodness, Henry, what a direct question.
Well, Kathleen.
Yeah.
Kathleen.
Yeah?
You know July has 31 days.
[Laughter]
What?
And then there's August in September.
It'll stop a lot of these orange.
It was a long time.
Who didn't have the hose?
High-cathletes.
Don't hold me. Wait a minute. Here's Adley.
I'll show you how to ask a direct question, Henry.
My mom and Adley's house.
Look, Adley.
I have a direct question for you.
I'll tell you too.
Agnes, have you ever noticed how hot it gets here in the summer?
No!
Or you could try eggs on the sidewalk.
I don't like fried eggs.
Neither do I. But if you did, you could.
Well, I sure am lucky I'll be able to like winterman class here all summer.
Well, you know, but how about me?
You.
I'll tell you what I'll do a little bit.
Why?
Why I'll tell you a little bit I'll tell you what I'll do.
I'm not gonna stop.
What I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna go hang up now, see you now.
Well, Henry, let's stop lying down here and think of what we can do now.
[music]
Boy, Henry, a farewell party. That's a perfect idea.
You think so? You really think that'll impress the girl.
I'll say I got it all figured out.
We'll be surely.
See?
All you need alone.
Then we'll look at the more terms we'll eat up to inviting us to the lake.
Sure.
What are you doing to that lamp, Homer?
I'm schooling the boat.
What for?
I'm just trying to make this party as cheap as possible for your parents.
Homer, that isn't necessary.
Besides, we'll want to dance.
We will?
Sure.
Well, there'll still be plenty of life.
How?
Through the dial of the radio.
Homer.
Besides, what kind of the idea of the party
is gonna be here at my house?
Where is it?
Well, your house is very homing.
- Mary, I don't think so.
My mother's against parties.
- The end?
Especially if I'm invited.
- Look, suppose we do this.
If I go in and ask my mother,
would you be willing to phone yours?
- Well, also, but I don't hold out to my toes.
Mother, mother, are you in the kitchen?
Yes, Henry.
I'm trying not to get in my way, dear.
Your father's coming home for lunch.
Your mother.
Mother, if you were a girl, how would you
feel about a farewell party?
If I were a girl, I'd like it very much.
You think Kathleen will be impressed?
You having a party, sir?
That's a quiet little get together with Homer and Agnes.
That sounds very nice.
You think so?
Well, Mother, don't you think I ought to have it in a place where I'll feel right at home?
Henry, we're not having another party here.
Well, Mother.
Well, there's a nice boy, Henry, but I'd like to keep my home in one piece a while longer.
What if you're all a schooler and if I have one here, why?
I don't think I better schooler learn it 'til she's cooled off.
He said no.
That's one of the things she said.
[Laughter]
Mother, you're our last hope.
I'm sorry, dear, but do you remember what happens when Homer tripped last New Year's Eve?
That lovely picture of Aunt Harriet got right off the ball.
I know, only hasn't looked the same since.
Mother, suppose Homer promises to keep an eye on his seat every minute.
He was a little bit older, if it'll make you feel any better.
I was somewhere else to learn the Calcula and look it off at all evening.
Please, Mother.
All right, not all.
And the kitchen's sad, and we're supposed to leave it up to your father.
father you think we ought to drag in people who might be prejudiced I do
tell you really good afternoon others boy hello dear well why the serious
faces and the boys would like to have a party here tonight our party a quiet
one father to say goodbye to Kathleen and Agnes they're leaving for Lake
Whitmer classy tomorrow tomorrow the lost in the Anderson's are leaving so
soon so when you say a farewell party is a good idea why well what do you know
Well, if I don't think you would do any harm.
Gee, Father.
Oh, I missed you all.
Can I miss you?
Oh, you may sign.
Oh, thank you.
Well, you think so, Sam.
You know what, Alice?
We owe the Anderson's and the Lawson's a little party.
Why not have them come over to make one big party of it?
What?
Well, Sam, that's an excellent idea.
We can all say goodbye in one cell swoop.
[Music]
Ah, wait, could you help me do after the peanut butter?
I'm just going to tell you, you know,
because you're going to have something to eat.
Why bother with peanut butter, John?
Oh, I'm going to love some.
Oh, here.
John, why wasn't it sweet of the boys who arranged
a farewell party for a young thing?
I'm going to tell you.
Here, John.
I guess you're not going to put chili sauce on the peanut butter.
- Oh, my life's just this way.
You guys can't ask anything
to tell a type of a peanut butter.
(audience laughing)
But if you have any trouble talking to your parents
into inviting homeless to the lake,
I'll say I did.
I don't feel I should speak to them
with their homework until I grow up and get more sense.
Now don't forget, we're not going to tell them
about being invited until the last minute.
They'll be so surprised they'll fall over.
- Kathleen, do you think we're doing the right thing, don't you?
- Do you think we're doing the right thing, don't you?
- No, inviting the boys up to the lake.
What do you mean?
I mean, well, there'll be other boys up there,
and don't you think we should stand some new blood?
You're good.
You will find some, but why burn our bridges behind them?
What bridges?
I mean, Homer, you and I come back and find they've gotten into
certain other girls, what do you think they were?
I know you don't like me to mention this,
but remember what happened between Geraldine Love
and Homer when you went away last night?
Yeah.
I know.
Why, don't know my back work turns.
I just am squeezing a peanut butter right out of that sandwich.
I'll see you where.
Did I do a brie we all come back to the mop for a couple of weeks and play a play?
Hey, wait, where do I put these wah?
Right next to the barbecue, Homer.
There.
I guess we've got enough homework.
Sure.
Boy, and if you were smart of you,
think of moving our party after you're back in the eye.
Thanks, Homer.
We wouldn't have gotten anywhere with the girls
with their parents right there in the same room.
Besides, we'd come right down to what is really cooler out here.
Sure.
And no pictures to fall off the wall.
We're all destroying screw.
Helping move this porch glider, Homer.
Okay.
Where?
In front of the barber cutes,
We can watch the corn while it's roasting.
Where?
I mean, is this a four-man go-out?
Why, it could be home.
If you don't mind a little squeezing.
See, why should I learn?
Well, what are you boys doing with the fireplace?
Why, have you ever noticed our living room
when more than four people get in it?
He lives. It sort of disappears.
You don't say.
Yes, sir, and under those conditions, we and the girls don't mind being outside in the yard.
Well, that sounds sensible.
Are you planning on roasting something in the fireplace?
Yes, Father. Corn.
Corn?
Hey, I haven't had roast corn in years.
How are you going to do it?
How?
Was there any other way besides wrapping them in corn trucks?
You're crazy.
The best way to roast corn is put them on a spit and keep swiping them with a paintbrush.
- Pancras with burning. - For your both wrongs.
The way we did it when I was a boy was wrapped them with mud and dropped them in the cold.
- Mud? - Well, they come out so tender and steady.
Delicious. You've never had it that way?
- No. - I'll say.
- Well, you don't know what you've missed. I tell you what I'll do. I'll roast them for you tonight.
- Why? But, but, but, Father, what about you again?
- We'll move them out here, too. - Howdy, here.
We'll all have a good old fashioned cornrows.
Henry, this is the best idea you've had in a long time.
Thank you, Father.
Lacking mud, boy.
Quite a home of my father, old dear dear boy.
All I can say is he must have had some childhood
if he were to run lapping his corn in mud.
That's over.
The important thing is everybody will be here in a little while.
How are we going to get the girls alone?
They're going to win this, how you father?
They can only know I can't turn to you, but we're not going to win.
Oh, I couldn't.
That might hurt his feelings.
Well, no, but we don't want to go through this.
Oh, it's just each other staring into the face, Julie.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. I think I've got it.
You have?
I am falling.
Boy, why don't I turn for Willie to show up?
Just ignore him, pal.
How?
What is it, one fella?
Nothing will be appreciated if you didn't bother us.
How is I declared to?
Good.
What is it?
What is why?
But I'm not supposed to bother you about.
Anything will be anything.
Homer, here's my idea.
Think those-- you know I'm going away for the summer tomorrow?
That's fine, Lily.
That's the best news I've had all day.
Goodbye.
You want me to beat us?
Just until next fall.
Oh, well, that's the way you feel.
I was going to tell you where I'm going, but now fat can.
Good.
and spend the whole summer wondering where I am for all I care.
- What's your idea? - I won't even write.
Homer, Homer, why not take the girls out for a really big farewell party
to the best restaurant in town?
- One. - A single word.
- It's very nice, too. - Not even a punk car.
- It's a beautiful car. - It won't cost us a cent.
- Or anything. - It will.
- No. - Willy?
- Yes, Helen, yes, you want me to tell you where I'm going?
Well, you and your family eat out a lot, don't you?
As much as we can without the filming, my mother.
[audience laughter]
Well, um...
Well, tell me, where would you like to go if you were going on a farewell party?
A farewell party? Someone's giving a farewell party?
Having to be listening?
No! Who we are? No kidding.
Where will I?
Yeah, I've always thought the white feather in was a swell plaque.
"Why, sure, the white feather in! Come on inside, Homer. Thanks, Willie.
He fell a-don't fact me, and he ain't gonna tell me a plan."
Simple, Homer. Look, if we go in and tell my father,
we'd like to take the girls to the white feather in.
What do you think will happen?
He'll hooray in.
And if we're there with the older people, they couldn't very well expect us to do any pain.
Could they?
- Thanks. - Then later on, we'll go to a movie.
And once we're in the dark home, we're set.
- Hey, Miss. - All right.
- Ooh. - Thanks, Homer.
Father, are you home?
- Get here, every. - No, I won't.
Man, I won't hear of it.
Eating our guest's buddy, Corn.
- Alice, it's delicious. - No, Sam.
Besides, Corn is not in TV yet.
- That is? - It is.
It is.
I'll just make a nice toss salad instead.
Alice, what kind of a farewell party will it be?
It's just a toss salad and no corn.
You don't follow that simple we were thinking.
That's why Homer and I thought we might take the girls out to dinner instead.
To dinner?
Yes.
At the white feather in, say?
That's the next one I do.
Where do we all go?
You're coming along, Father?
If you don't mind.
I know.
You'll be way more than married.
Well, we better start getting that same.
Father, suppose Homer and I pick up the girls in our car and drive them down.
Very well.
I'll call the Anderson's and ask them to pick us up.
Come on Homer, so you wait or fall.
Goodbye Mother, goodbye Father, I'll have to run.
Where are you going?
I'm dancing with Joe Graham.
He's leaving for a summer job tomorrow morning.
Oh, well Mary, why not join us?
You Father.
We're having a farewell party at the White Center Inn.
You couldn't accept Joe Graham to say goodbye
in front of my own mother and father.
Hey my goodness, Sam.
What's wrong, Alice?
See, you don't vote Henry in Homer,
feel the way Mary does, do you?
About Joe Graham?
Sam, you don't think we're forcing our way,
in on their farewell party.
Oh, I bet they didn't mind not joining them.
Sam, they were just being polite.
My goodness, they've probably been saving up for this evening for months.
Well, Alex, what can we do?
Sam is just one thing we can do.
Keep all the grown-ups away and that the boys had their own farewell party
exactly the way they wanted it.
[Music]
And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Org.
In order to induce Kathleen and Agnes to invite them to the lake this summer,
Henry and Homer are taking them to the most expensive restaurant in town for dinner.
Mr. Alders' expense, they hope that he opens and the white feather in.
Can we just hold your parents, the white feather in?
They'll be here home.
We're there waiting for the Anderson to pick them up.
They couldn't eat long handle.
My parents were just about ready to leave when you suited the harm.
Come on, before we order, let's get one thing to drink.
Are you taking care of the whole bell?
Sure.
Including the tip?
I don't have to pay for a thing.
No.
What's come over you?
Come over you.
Oh, yeah, it's just a sample of the way we feel toward you.
It is.
Would you like me to put a nickel in the jukebox, Kathleen?
What's on?
We can have music with our meal.
Sure, and help you guys get.
Especially backwards.
Couldn't miss any enough money on us as it is.
Gee, Kathleen, tonight the sky's the limit.
We've got 39 cents put aside for music alone.
So, that's like for everybody else's turn.
Boy, am I star?
They're my star.
I think I'm gonna order.
I don't know.
What are you?
There's a loving special dinner here in the corner for 85 kids.
What's on it?
Oh no, that's only for children.
Up to what age?
Oh, and I'm gonna have presents on your glass.
What's a present?
Oh, wait.
It's sort of a chicken.
Only tougher.
And it's on your glass?
Sure.
How do you eat it?
I don't know.
But don't you think it might be interesting to find out?
I was a fazin' too.
He's not terribly expensive.
- Correctly.
- And I told you, this is our nice town.
- Well, in that case, you know what I've always wanted to try?
- Lobster.
- Lobster, I'll have that too.
- So alive.
- Mr. Fazin'.
- No, he's a side order.
(audience laughing)
- Excuse me.
I'm Mr. Curly, the manager.
Is there a Mr. Aldrich at this table?
- Well, that's me.
- A Mr. Aldrich wants you on the phone.
- Oh, he does?
- Yes, he wants to tell me they're on their way over.
- Were the rest of you folks like to order?
- He wears his arms. - He wears his arms.
- As long as they're practically here, we might as well.
- Sure, let's order off. - Fine. The phone's right there in the corner.
- I'll be right back. - How's your session under glass?
- Very nice, sir. This place will be in the house.
- Hello, Father. - Hello, son.
- Father, where are you? - I'm having dinner with the Anderson's and the Lawson's.
- What? - We finally realized it much rather be alone.
- Alone? - Father, no!
- Now you needn't be polite, Henry. We understand...
says. I want you to have a good time and be sure to say goodbye to the girl for
us. Good night.
I'm always going to burn.
You're going to make yourself a special visit with four different flavors of ice cream
for only two dollars after.
Oh, Henry, you know the lights here make you a
softly pale. Homer isn't the light my father just killed it. Why? It's not coming. How
will we pay for the dinner? We'll be already ordered. Well we'll have to
unorder quick. Oh boy did I go to town. No. No. No. My mom is always watching
her and said yes but you see I don't really think I'm worried about that
special dessert. You did. That's a good idea. Mr. Kelly suggested a thing called
They feel like I'm stabbed.
He did.
He has to tie the ice cream.
This is how ridiculous and what expensive does it have?
Oh, boy.
We live the end of the year.
Yes, Mr. Carley.
No, I've met his wife.
Stuff yourself.
What I know, my friend.
So what Homer means is, well, you don't think it's too hot for all that heavy food we ordered?
Why not order something in life?
I'd call him.
Why, Mr. Curley, could you make this up some nice,
some nice lettuce sandwiches. I'm afraid not.
B-side I'd rather have seven in a blast with lobster on a side.
Hey, fellas, it's Willie. What's he doing here?
Am I late for what, Willie?
It's for what, Willie? My farewell party that Henley and Homer are throwing for.
Oh boy. Mr. You want to take my order? Boy, am I
I saw.
(dramatic music)
- Well, what a Mr. Turley say.
- Homer, you should have heard him.
- You should sure look mad.
The way he was waiting was orange.
I thought Turley was gonna hit you with one of them.
- Oh, did I.
- Mr. Turley?
- Not exactly.
We have to come in every afternoon and mop floor.
I thought it worked off.
That'll take us all soon.
I know.
You're way.
I better get back to the girls.
Did Agnes eat everything she ordered?
Yes.
But all the way she put it, but she put it.
Where'd Willie go?
Today Haven for a soda.
After all he ate, he told him it's something to wash it all there.
Hey, I'm a boy.
What a meal.
- Honey, I never had a love in your tongue.
- Mm, self.
- And it was a pleasure, Kathleen.
- She was doing that on me.
- Tell us why.
- You won't believe yet, you.
- I will.
- Can you repel our parents into inviting both of you
up to the lake?
- What?
- Why?
- They were saving you for a surprise.
- Sorry, y'all.
I'm thinking of time.
- Why?
- I'll tell you, Kathleen.
I don't think we can make it.
- Why?
- Why not?
- We expect to be pretty tied up.
- What's a little wrong?
- Doing what?
- Why?
- Why you?
- They don't have to power tackling their jobs here.
- What is?
- Don't pretend Homer, imagine trying to cover up
with a pink male.
- See?
- What are you talking about?
- When is Geraldine?
You have to decide to stay in town, Homer.
- Geraldine, you are.
- Ah!
- Kathleen, you're getting the wrong idea.
- You are.
Geraldine isn't gonna be in town.
- No, then it's too other girl.
- Sure, no, I mean no.
(loud rumbling)
- I mean, I never would have believed it.
- Then after all, it's probably way to the get you inside.
- I think we better go.
- I'll say.
- No way to go.
- Aglist.
- I don't know if you have a car or a summer.
- Have one, Aglist.
- Well, that's a fine thing.
- That's what I say.
- You just need to ever look at any other girl.
- Sure.
- Besides, who's left in the pillow, Bill?
(loud rumbling)
- Boy, Homer, what a summer this is going to be.
to be. Mapping floors every day and just each other every night.
Can we hear me that low? I'm sorry. Well I'm glad you boys haven't left.
You wanted to start mopping floors right now Mr. Curly.
Well now look, it occurred to me that may have got a little upset a while back.
You had every right to. I've been thinking over and I'll tell you what I'll do.
Yes Mr. Curly. Yes Mr. Curly.
Instead of mopping up and working in the kitchen all summer to pay off the check,
I would like to wear two full weeks as possible.
That's for you.
You're a uniform and everything.
And I'll give you five dollars a week to sign.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yes, Mara.
Oh, boy.
You are.
I'm so sorry.
Do you want to go over at this?
No.
Hello.
Yes, Mara.
Have I got your phone next to you?
You called me.
Oh, yes, you want to catch him, too.
Tell him I'll be there in a minute.
Oh, yes, I'm so sorry.
Well.
You're fine.
Well, boys.
Boy.
Oh, you're going to have to.
I was.
Who was that?
My niece.
He's fishing.
He's a summer.
He is.
Oh, summer.
Yeah, she in a twin sister.
Oh,
there's another one who looks like that.
Do we both of them work here, Mr.
Curling?
They help out the afternoon setting tables today.
They do.
Well, who do you say, boys?
Would you like to work the tech off quickly in two weeks?
Why?
I'll tell you, Mr. Curly, I think we'd rather mop floors
and stretch it out over the whole summer.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(music)
(buzzing)